Let's talk about a model for Serverless.
So what is a model for Serverless?
It's going to evolve frameworks.
It's going to involve platforms.
It's also going to involve tools and some of the different tools and
frameworks that you may have heard of is actually Serverless itself.
So there's a framework that deploys Serverless models called Serverless,
and it packaged together everything from
node-based applications to Python based applications to Java based applications.
Another one that I like to use is called Chalice.
Chalice is a decorator based approach where you install it.
You put a decorator on top of a function,
and then that function automatically gets deployed as a web service.
Another way that you can deploy tools is you can use
AWS's Infrastructure as a Code CloudFormation.
Also terraform, which is a third party company made by HashiCorp can also build
out lambdas that could actually be triggered inside of configuration files,
and those configuration files then get deployed into the Amazon ecosystem.
Finally, terraform also could work with
other Cloud providers and it could deploy let's
say Google Cloud Functions or Azure Cloud Functions.
Now, if we look at events and actions,
this is really an important concept.
So let's look at what a event could actually be.
It could be an example of let's say uploading the file.
So if you take a file and you upload it and directly put it into Amazon S3,
that file when it's actually persisted onto the S3 ecosystem,
it's going to trigger an event.
You can have a lambda that's waiting for that event,
and that event actually then has some other action associated with it.
That event could be let's say I want
to trigger transforming this image file into a video file,
or I want to take this image and I want to
shrink it into a smaller size or to a different format.
Another event could be putting a message in a queue.
So you have an event that comes into this queue.
All of a sudden another lambdas listening,
and that lambda could go through and process that message.
Another fascinating way to think about events is time.
So in the case of time,
one of the things that can happen is you could actually create a whole ETL pipeline.
ETL stands for Extract Transfer Load,
and this extract transfer load pipeline could be triggered on a periodic interval,
let's say once a day,
and it could go through and talk to a relational database,
pull out some information transform
it and then put that into your machine learning system.
So in general, to really summarize here,
an event is something that leads to an action,
and that action is a piece of code.